Doc for Quable PIM (#399)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/product_catalog/create_edit_product.md

Individual products are instances of [product types](create_product_types.md#create-product-types).
You can only create or modify products when your [user role](../permission_management/work_with_permissions.md) has the `Product/Edit` permission.

!!! note "Quable PIM integration"

>     When [Quable is configured as the product catalog source](quable_pim_integration.md), creating and editing products in [[= product_name =]] is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When [Quable is configured as the source of product information](quable_pim_integration.md), creating and editing products in [[= product_name =]] is not available.
```
information or data

The same applies to other iterations of the same disclaimer. This way the "product catalog" even more refers to "our" product catalog.
